It's still chaos in many parts of the city, with armed soldiers detaining and arresting
those not pledging support of the new government.
Are we still going to the meeting tonight?
I wanted to do what was best for my wife and daughter, but a few of the elders have already
been arrested.
What if I was arrested?
What happened to my family?
You're not going on a prairie are you?
I pray at my window.
Three times a day, every day, if I even appear to compromise, what would they think?
I know Jehovah, and if I trust him, he'll reward me.
I don't know how, but he will.
Pray that I keep my faith, that we all keep our faith, no matter how this ends.
The scriptures are clear.
We must continue to meet together, even in small groups, if necessary.
Let's just pray that whatever happens, we have this strength to endure it.
Dear Jehovah, please.
Eventually, I was arrested.
We miss you so much, but we're very proud of you.
We know whatever the outcome of your trial, you'll maintain your faith, and so will we.
Are you scared?
I was very scared, but Jehovah helps us when we're scared.
I knew I would be okay, and that Jehovah would take care of my family.
It all went by so quickly, pioneering foreign language, circuit work.
There was even a time that I was the one encouraging older ones.
I missed those days so much.
But now, I am the one in a nursing home.
Sometimes, I feel like I have nothing left to offer.
O Daniel, you very precious man.
I have been sent to you.
Do not be afraid, Daniel.
Your words have been heard from the first day you gave your heart to understanding.
I have no strength.
There's breath left to me.
Do not be afraid of very precious man.
May you have peace.
Be strong.
Happy as the one who keeps an expectation.
Go on to the end.
You will rest, but you will stand up for your life at the end of the days.
Just checking on you.
Do you have a minute?
There is something I've been wanting to share with you.
Okay, sure.
Yes, Jehovah does remember me, and I still have much to offer.